Support @PermissionsAllowed defined on meta-annotation (#43241)
quarkusio/quarkus: docs/src/main/asciidoc/security-authorize-web-endpoints-reference.adoc

CAUTION: Annotation-based permissions do not work with custom xref:security-customization.adoc#jaxrs-security-context[Jakarta REST SecurityContexts] because there are no permissions in `jakarta.ws.rs.core.SecurityContext`.

[[permission-meta-annotation]]
=== Create permission meta-annotations

> `@PermissionsAllowed` can also be used in meta-annotations. Example below creates new `@CanWrite` security annotation:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`@PermissionsAllowed` can also be used in meta-annotations.
For example, a new `@CanWrite` security annotation can be created like this:
```

Suggesting a new line as per Doc team guidelines, with a minor rewording

Author: Done, thanks.
